Yeah man, youth group was good to me. It was basically organized group dating if you listened to their proselytizing. And thanks to the gift of social media, it's the gift that keeps on giving. The ones who weren't ready in high school, became ready after college was a waste of time. You just had to wait for the right social media friends post to come up, and slide right in there with a quick win for your relationship. This is a running game, not a passing game. It's inches, not yards...and it's dumb that's their legit interval...can't be...and those small wins add up. They become desperate, and you take full advantage of their vulnerability like a lamb to slaughter, but you don't...you make it exactly what she needs, and you play it cool. Makes the cooling off period easier to ease into. Continue to play it cool with the socials interactions. It's a long game. You really have to bring all your purpose and heart to it for it to pay off. They go through break ups. Marriages, rough spots and divorces. You are a rock in a storm. You are friendly discreet and honest with them and yourself. Sometimes they go back, sometimes they come back. You are their real spiritual advisor. Not those puppet youth leaders. 

You have to be gently with them. Let them lead their exposure. Listen to what they say about their lives and guide them. If their husbands push them in ways. Advise them on how to handle their idiots. Attempt to repair and help with understanding issues and options, not telling them what to do. Always discuss multiple options with any advice. This allows you to more easily be impartial in your guidance. They will also want the sex, always, if you perform your very best. 

And best is a low bar. Keep having sex. Just finished? Do it again. Can't use those parts? Use the other ones you impudent bastard. There's no wrong answer, just listen to what she is telling you is working. Do that some more. Til she can't. Get yours again. Keep their marriage stable a little long. That dumb fuck can learn. Help her understand how to teach.

If he gets squirrelly, get direct. Get control. Commune. Cajole. Compel. Conquer. Help him learn. If he can be taught, let him go at his own pace. Keep the peace. Help the marriage sustain.

The crowd was nerdy as fuck. They were so square and removed from society and the community at large. They stayed in their houses, and they bubbled with their church. Occasionally, they would attempt to recruit by passing out flyers, or do a sweep through the poorest for some warm bodies to convert. I was with my aunt for a time and her husband was nuts about this shit. She'd quit opioids for a time, a few times, and met this goofy dude who liked black chicks. Latina catholic was as good as he was getting. She played her part. And made it clear in no uncertain terms that I was not to fuck it up. So I didn't. 